Update mx offline-first and related docs - for new offline microflow feature (#2345)
mendix/docs: content/refguide/close-page.md

This activity can be used in both **Microflows** and **Nanoflows**.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert type="warning" %}}

> This action is ignored and does not work when microflow is called from an offline native or hybrid app. For more information, visit [Offline](offline-first#4-1-microflows).

Reviewer: `when microflow` -> `when a microflow`

Reviewer: Goes for all places.

Author: ✔️

> Please note that this action will be ignored and will not have any effect when used inside a microflow that has been called from a nanoflow in an offline profile (for more information, see [Offline](offline-first#4-1-microflows)).

Reviewer 2: What about this?

```suggestion
This action is ignored and does not work when microflow is called from an offline native or hybrid app. For more information, visit [Offline](offline-first#4-1-microflows)
```

Author: Yes, simpler and more straight froward, I will change it! 👍

Author: Did the following changes, in regard to UI Actions: 
-  Added 'Download file' action
-  Re-ordered microflow sections to put 'UI Actions' in the right order
-  Updated warning message for each action mentioned

Author: ✔️
